# Dice Game

Here we are going to figure out what a Script is and how Unity uses them.

## Scripts

Scripts are what we call our code. Our scripts are simply written files that follow specific rules and can be interpreted by our computer.\
Scripts in Unity are treated as other Components like a Rigidbody. You can attach them to any Object and they are written using the Language of C#.

C# is a programming language made by Microsoft and is Object Oriented language.\
We will get more into what this means later.

There is a lot to code. But I think a good way to start is to simply jump into it. Don't worry if not everything makes sense the first time around. Just make sure to try everything and the best advice I can give is to play around with it. Try and do something unique.

### Adding Scripts In Unity

Start by making a new Unity project. Make the project 2D, though for this project that doesn't really matter.

As stated before, Scripts are just another type of component. Let's start by making a new Folder in our Assets and call it "Scripts".\
Go into that folder and right click, create, and click "New C# Script". Give this script a name like "TestScript". 

//IMG Coming - Script in Folder

Open that up. I'm making this project with Windows and the default Code Editor with Unity, Visual Studio.\
If you are on a different system this may be different. No worries it's all the same you just might need to search for a button a little more.\
The script should look like this :

```
using UnityEngine;
using System.Collections;

public class TestScript : MonoBehaviour {

	// Use this for initialization
	void Start () {
	
	}
	
	// Update is called once per frame
	void Update () {
	
	}
}
```

What you see here and on your screen is the default script generated by Unity.\
Let's disect this a bit.
